correct usage of when in workflows (#3913)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/configuration-reference.md

For more information, see the [Executing Workflows For a Git Tag]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows/#executing-workflows-for-a-git-tag) section of the Workflows document.

##### **Using `when` in Workflows**

> With CircleCI API v2, you may use a `when` clause (the inverse clause `unless` is also supported) under a workflow declaration with a boolean value to determine whether or not to run that workflow. The most common use of `when` in API v2 is to use a pipeline parameter as the value, allowing an API trigger to pass that parameter to determine which workflows to run.

Reviewer: I believe any "truthy" value works, not only booleans. Much to @sulami's chagrin 😁

Reviewer 2: That is correct, any type we currently have will do, and will be casted to some form of boolean depending on its value.

Author: OK, can you suggest an edit to incorporate this if necessary as not sure I understand 🤪

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With CircleCI API v2, you may use a `when` clause (the inverse clause `unless` is also supported) under a workflow declaration with a truthy or falsy value to determine whether or not to run that workflow. The most common use of `when` in API v2 is to use a pipeline parameter as the value, allowing an API trigger to pass that parameter to determine which workflows to run.
```

Author: Thanks!
